# Homework!

# Part 1: Pokemon
https://github.com/ga-students/WDI_NYC_Hash_Work/blob/master/w09/d02/_INSTRUCTOR/pokemon/README.md

# Part 2: Fance Banqueé Application

Create a new app called `banque_app`

## Install Rspec

Add rspec-rails to your Gemfile:

```rb
gem "rspec-rails", :group => [:test, :development]
```


Run `rails g rspec:install` to create your spec folder.

## Create the Models

Banque will have `users` and `accounts`

Run `rails g model User email:string name:string password_digest:string`

Run `rails g model Account name:string balance:decimal`

This will generate your models and the appropriate spec files.

## Test for user validation

A user requires a name, email and password.

Passwords must be 8 to 16 characters in length.

User names and emails must be unique.

Users can have more than one Account

Users should have a method `total_balance`, that returns the total amount of money they have.

Users should have a method `rich?`, that returns true if they have more than 100k

## Test for account validation

Accounts require a name (Any string), and balance

Accounts have an opening balance of 0.

Accounts will have `deposit` and `withraw` methods.

Accounts can't be overdrawn.

Accounts belong to a User

### This is a testing assignment, so you should be writing tests *first*, and then making them pass.

Be sure to rake your test database!

After running migrations, run `rake db:test:prepare` to reload your test database with the latest schema changes.

Run your tests with `rake spec:models `
